# 2020-03-07

@CML, basel

## PCD20

#### coronavirus issue
* problem with coronavirus, are we allowed to do the event?
* Ask H3K if they can host events
* In case set up system to ask phone number of participates so we can track who was there

#### PCD19 feedback
* Talk w/ people in geneva who organized pcd, could they come and present their event?
* Checking last year website and content
* For this year website going b&w, terminal style?
* Talks good last year, right length. We could have a couple less
* advertise more the workshops
* One of us could present all the workshops?
* Prepare a better google form for describing the workshop
* Long queue during the break because only one person at the bar
* Was good having ppl coming together after the workshops

#### PD20 ideas
* How could we have the people coming early on the day of the event?
* We could have free breakfast (ask assbar?)
* Could we have the party at elysia?
* Could we move all program 2 hours later?
* Have shorter lunch?
* Call food-trucks?
* All workshops for beginners
* Webgl workshop?
* Assign workshops - call for specific worshops
* During signup form ask for preference in topic to learn
* Beginner workshops in different topics, even if ppl are already coding probably there is something that they don’t know
* workshops with music? Midi - could we ask help to the music school in basel?
* Using a drum machine during a workshops? And maybe do a small concert during the party (with set up already done)
* Doing an exhibition after the workshops? Each workshops teacher talks about what was done during the afternoon
* Separate the party from day program, doing it with someone who does parties, open to everyone
* Hirscheneck?
* harbor?
* Ruine?
* Usign oslo night to promote & graduation (decided not to)
* Use bugdet to print some promotional material
* P(B)CD ?
* Start working on the website to have it ready earlier
* Make a calendar
* Make a instagram account
* Documenting workshops on github

### PCD20 proposed date: 26th settember 2020

#### Groups/tasks
* Venues party → mark
* Talk to institutions → ted
* Program + form → andrea
* Website → ted + max + all welcome
* alternative tool → max + yann 
* Plugin for slack → max
* Open instagram → andrea
* Open fb → mark
* Design identity → (forgot who :) )

#### next meeting → 2nd april 2020
* Invite ellen + shane + lena


