# 23-06-18 PCD 2023

w/ MF, MI, AZ, TD, PZ

## Discussion

- Don't have workshops & talks in parallel
- Workshops could start with a short talk, helps to draw people into it
- One path that everybody follows?
- The levels of the workshops?
- Three workshops? 
- Lightning talks, deeper talks
- Maybe start at 13:00? Then talks + a longer break, afterwards workshops
- Get Vito Pizza with a cargo bike
- Eating / Dinner at Civic? 

Dates
- No feedback yet from Hek
- FHNW, 11. not best because of co-create
- 4./5., 11./12., 18./19. (Buchbasel), 25./26. of November
- No other festivals

Places
- Wurm not an option
- Hek
- Hammer
- Hirschi?
- Setup on friday night?
- One team at the location allready?
- Transbone halle (CMS), https://www.dreispitz.ch/de/dreispitz/freilager/TransBona-Halle.html
- Ruine?
- https://www.bassoverse.space/

Performances
- One person who makes music + one who makes visuals
- Soundcheck could take up alot of time
- Limit it to the coded genre, live-coding: visual or music, or both, our availability is 5 min line check, we provide you one stereo pair of XLR cable and an HDMI cable

Evening
- Idea to having the Performances at HEK till 11 or so and then beeing done

## AZ: Draft Timetable

### Saturday, only afternoon

- 14:00 welcome 
- 14:30 start workshops / talks
- 17:00 break
- 19:00 apero / dinner
- 22:00 start performances
  - 22:00 / 22:30 p1
  - 22:30 / 23:00 p2
  - 23:00 / 23:30 p3
  - 23:30 / 24:00 p4
- 24:00 start party with open vj'ing

### Saturday, all day

- 10:30 welcome
- 11:00 start talks (8 x 15 min)
- 13:00 lunch
- 14:30 start workshops
- 19:00 apero / dinner
- 21:00 start performances
  - 21:00 / 21:30 p1
  - 21:30 / 22:00 p2
  - 22:00 / 22:30 p3
  - 22:30 / 23:00 p4
- 23:00 start party with open vj'ing

## Rough Timetable Agreement

- 13:00 welcome, maybe with some coffee
- 13:15 Start Talks
- 15:15 End of Talks & Break
- 15:45 Start Workshops
- 18:00 End of Workshops
- 18:00 Apéro / Dinner (either at HGK, or at Party Place)
  - 18:00 if at HGK
  - 19:00 if at Party Place
- 21:00 Start Performances
  - 21:00 / 21:30 p1
  - 21:30 / 22:00 p2
  - 22:00 / 22:30 p3
  - 22:30 / 23:00 p4
- 23:00 Start party with open vj'ing

## MF: Draft Open Call

**Basel Codes Day 2023 – November XX 2023**

We cordially invite you to participate in this year's Basel Codes Day 2023! A free, one-day event to celebrate art, design, code, criticallity and diversity. We warmly welcome all people who are interested in code for creative and experimental projects.

After organising three Processing Community Day's in 2019, 2020, and 2021 we are back under a new name. _Basel Codes Day (BCD)_ focuses on the local creative coding scene and opens the technological focus beyond Processing to include an even larger range of artistic uses of technology.

**Call For Participation**
As with the previous community days, the goal of BCD is to get together, share ideas and learn from each other. Do you engage with digital technology – old or new, low or high tech – in creative, fun, surprising or critical ways? We would love to have you! We have three possible formats to engage: Talks, Workshops and Performances. 

- Talks: Short lightning talks (10-15 min) to present a project, area of research, creative process or idea.
- Workshops: A workshop (1-2h) on a topic of creative technology. There can be different levels (beginner, intermediate, expert)
- Performance: An artistic live performance during our after party at XX (Notes: Limit it to the coded genre, live-coding: visual or music, or both, our availability is 5 min line check, we provide you one stereo pair of XLR cable and an HDMI cable).

Submit your idea with the following form till XX.XX.XXXX.

### Open Questions

- Name: BCD = **Basel Codes Day** or Basel Community Day, BCCD Basel Codes Community Day? 
- Length Talks, Workshops, Performances?
- What information for the performances? (Everything is possible?) 
- Deadline for the CfP?

- Communication: 
  - Website
  - Instagram
  - Newsletter / Communication HEK / FHNW
  - Bajour? BZBasel?
  - IXDM Instagram?

## Next Steps

- Check if there are other similar festivals
- TD: Pink Hek
  - if no answer by end of june, looking for alternatives
- MF: Finish open call, create form (e.g. https://tally.so/)
- MF: Invite PZ to repo
- PZ: Website Draft 
- Relase call August

## Next Meeting

- June 23, 18:00, European Time, 



